A system administrator has been assigned the task of installing an operating system, application, and data onto a cloud-based server. Which of these best describes this scenario?	Infrastructure as a Service;Platform as a Service;Hybrid Cloud;Software as a Service	1	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Infrastructure as a Service IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service) provides the CPU, memory, storage, and other infrastructure components necessary for the installation of an operating system and application.
A network engineer is installing a device allowing wireless devices to access the wired Ethernet network. Which of the following would best describe this technology?	DSL;Managed switch;VLAN;Access point	4	Networking	Access point An access point bridges the 802.11 wireless network with a wired Ethernet network. Since the access point is acting as a bridge, it's making forwarding decisions based on the destination MAC (Media Access Control) address of the network frame.
A systems administrator has added a new video adapter to a desktop computer, installed the latest video driver, and rebooted the system. When the system starts, it shows a Windows Stop Error before it reaches the login prompt. Which of the following would be the best next troubleshooting step?	Press F8 during startup and choose “Boot from last known working configuration”;Upgrade the system BIOS using an update file from the motherboard manufacturer;Disconnect all USB storage devices and restart the system;Reinstall the operating system	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Press F8 during startup and choose “Boot from last known working configuration” If a recent configuration causes a boot issue, Windows can restart the operating system using the last known working configuration. Each time Windows successfully boots, it makes a backup of that configuration. If the startup option to "boot from last known working configuration" is selected, that working backup is used instead of the current Windows configuration. This can help resolve Windows Stop Error issues like those detailed in this question.
A system administrator is configuring a lab computer that will run five server VMs at the same time. Which of the following hardware resources will be the most important for this configuration?	CPU;Storage space;Video adapter;NIC	2	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Storage space Adding five virtual machines to a single device would require as much storage space as five separate operating systems. Of the available options, the system storage will be used the most.
A user's smartphone contains both personal and corporate data. When the user attempts to install a new app, the installation is halted and an error message appears. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	NFC;Bluetooth;MDM;GPS	3	Mobile Devices	MDM MDM (Mobile Device Management) provides centralized management for mobile devices. An MDM can be used to set policies on app use, data storage, camera use, and almost any other feature on the smartphone.
Which of the following would provide segmentation of broadcast domains on the same physical switch?	VLAN;DNS;VPN;DHCP	1	Networking	VLAN A VLAN (Virtual Local Area Network) is used to segment interfaces on a single switch or across multiple switches. This allows a network administrator to separate networks on a single switch instead of installing multiple physical switches.
A user is reporting every page printed from a networked laser printer appears as garbled graphics and text characters. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this issue?	Incorrect printer driver;Damaged network cable;Printer is low on memory;Toner is low	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Incorrect printer driver The printer driver formats the print job into a language that the printer can understand. If the incorrect driver is used, the language sent to the printer may not be interpreted correctly and the output may appear very different than the original document. In extreme cases, the output may appear as unreadable pages of garbled text and graphics.
During a presentation in a conference room, the lamp in an LCD projector is turning off after five minutes of use and back on ten minutes later. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	The video cable is faulty;The display lamp has failed;The cooling process is failing;The display resolution is incorrect	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The cooling process is failing If an LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) projector becomes overheated, it will automatically turn off to protect the bulb and other components. This is similar to the automatic protections found in laptop and desktop computers, and once the system cools down it can be restarted. If the cooling fans are blocked or not working, this process may continue the cycle until the cooling problem is resolved.
A system administrator has just completed a memory upgrade on a database server. When starting the system, this message is displayed: “Boot Device Not Found.” The BIOS configuration does not show any hard drives in the system. Which of the following would be the next best troubleshooting step?	Replace the hard drive;Upgrade the BIOS;Check the hard drive cables;Modify the BIOS boot sequence	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Check the hard drive cables A memory upgrade would require work inside of a computer case, and it's very easy to accidentally unseat or disconnect other cables. Since the only change was the memory upgrade, a change to the storage subsystem would not be expected. The most likely cause would be a cable issue.
If a laptop's inverter is faulty, which of the following would be the most likely result?	The battery will not recharge;The system will not power on;The screen will be difficult to see;The USB interfaces will not be powered	3	Hardware	The screen will be difficult to see The inverter is used to convert the DC (Direct Current) power inside of the laptop to AC (Alternating Current). The AC power is then used to power the CCFL (Cold Cathode Florescent Lamp) backlights found in older laptop computers. Without the backlight, it will be very difficult to see the information displayed on an LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) screen.
What is the most common use for the switch on a computer’s power supply?	Sets the input voltage;Controls the speed of the CPU;Sets the cooling fan speed;Boots from different operating system partitions	1	Hardware	Sets the input voltage The input voltage to a power supply should match the capabilities of the power supply unit. Many power supply units are voltage switching, and they will automatically adjust between 120 volts and 240 volts based on the input voltage. Alternatively, some power supply units have a switch that must be manually set to specify input voltage.
Which of these devices would be used to configure an 802.1Q trunk?	Router;Repeater;Managed switch;Cable modem	3	Networking	Managed switch A managed switch includes features not found in an unmanaged switch, such as traffic prioritization, redundancy support, remote management, and VLAN (Virtual Local Area Network) support for connectivity to other switches via 802.1Q.
A user is trying to connect a Bluetooth headset to his smartphone, but the headset does not appear in a list of available Bluetooth devices. Which of the following would be the best next step?	Upgrade the smartphone OS;Enable Bluetooth pairing on the headset;Connect to the headset with a USB cable;Replace the smartphone battery	2	Mobile Devices	Enable Bluetooth pairing on the headset A smartphone will often require the Bluetooth devices to be in paring mode for it to appear in the list of available Bluetooth devices.
A network administrator needs to connect an Ethernet link between two buildings located across the parking lot from each other. The total distance between the buildings is approximately 400 meters. Which of the following technologies would be the best choice for this installation?	Coax;Category 6A;Fiber;UTP	3	Hardware	Fiber Fiber optic communication can extend over very long distances using light instead of radio frequencies. Since the maximum supported distance of most Ethernet connections using copper are one hundred meters, any type of connection needing additional distance would be a good candidate for fiber optic cabling.
A company manages the maintenance of farm equipment and grain silos, and this equipment is often miles away from the nearest Ethernet connection. Which of the following would be the best way to provide connectivity to the maintenance team?	Bluetooth;5G;802.11;NFC	2	Mobile Devices	5G 5G (Fifth generation cellular) provides data connectivity over cellular network technologies. This type of wireless connectivity provides access from almost anywhere using a hotspot or a smartphone with hotspot or tethering functionality.
Which of these cloud computing architectures would best describe several organizations sharing the same resources?	Community;IaaS;Public;Hybrid	1	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Community A community cloud model is often used by multiple organizations to build a pool of resources with their combined financial contributions. This multi-tenant model provides a shared cloud-based deployment to organizations with similar goals and objectives.
What port should be configured in a firewall to block secure terminal communication?	23;443;22;110	3	Networking	22 Port 22 is used by SSH (Secure Shell), the encrypted terminal communication protocol.
A user has opened a ticket complaining of a constantly flashing light on the front of their desktop computer. Which of the following is the most likely reason for this issue?	Power supply status;Network communication;Storage drive access;RAM module transfers	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Storage drive access Most computers will provide status lights on the front of the computer. One of the more common lights is a solid light showing that power is available to the system. The other light usually blinks each time access is made to a storage device to visually show access to the drive.
A desktop administrator is troubleshooting an LCD display that shows a faint image at the bottom right of the screen. The faint image is displayed even when spreadsheets or browser screens are shown. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	Dead pixels;Incorrect resolution;Bad video cable;Burn-in	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Burn-in If an image is shown on a screen for an extended period of time, the display may continue to show a faint "ghost" of the image after the display has changed. This burn-in may be temporary, but it can be permanent in extreme circumstances.
A systems administrator is troubleshooting a Windows laptop that boots normally but becomes sluggish after login. Which of the following would provide the best source of troubleshooting information?	Beep codes during startup;Power supply voltages;Number of installed DIMMs;Task Manager statistics	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Task Manager statistics Task Manager can provide real-time performance information and can list the applications automatically launched during the startup process. The administrator can enable or disable startup applications to determine if they might be causing the sluggish performance.
A network administrator has installed a fifty meter network connection from one side of the building to the other, and now he would like to make sure that the punch-downs and crimps are connected to the correct pins on each side. Which of these tools would be the best way to confirm the wiring map?	Network tap;Cable tester;Toner probe;Loopback plug	2	Networking	Cable tester A cable tester can quickly perform a wire map to determine if all of the wires were properly crimped or punched down on both ends of the cable.
An administrator is building a new server, and they would like the server to continue operating if the power supply fails. Which of the following would provide this functionality?	Modular power supply;High wattage rating;Redundant power supplies;LCD inverter	3	Hardware	Redundant power supplies One way to avoid an outage after a power supply failure is to have multiple power supplies installed and running. The two power supplies will share the load, and if one power supply fails the remaining power supply will be used to keep the system running.
A user is trying to charge their smartphone using the built-in USB interface, but the phone does not show the charging icon and the battery does not charge. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	No wireless connectivity;Damaged charging port;Broken screen;Digitizer not calibrated	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Damaged charging port A damaged charging port would prevent the battery from charging through a connected USB cable. In some cases, the port can be cleaned to regain the charging function, but excessive damage may require a replacement of the interface or smartphone.
A system administrator is designing a network with a priority towards uptime and availability of the public-facing company website. Which of the following should be included with this design?	AAA server;UTM;Load balancer;Patch panel	3	Networking	Load balancer A load balancer is used to distribute a load between a group of available servers. If any server in this group was to fail, the load balancer would automatically redistribute the load to the remaining servers to provide uptime and availability.
A user is replacing an empty paper roll in a printer with one that was purchased to match the model of the printer. Which of the following would best describe this printer type?	Thermal;Laser;Impact;Inkjet	1	Hardware	Thermal Thermal printers require a specialized paper type which turns dark when heat is applied. There are many different sizes of thermal printers, so the paper is often purchased to match the specific thermal printer model.
A network engineer is installing a cable modem at a remote site. Which of these connectors would commonly be found on a cable modem?	DB-9;eSATA;M.2;F-connector	4	Networking	F-connector The F-connector is the common coax screw-on connector used for television cable or cable modems. A cable modem installation will often use coax from the cable provider, and the F-connector is used to connect the coax to the cable modem.
A technician has just upgraded the memory on a desktop computer. After the computer runs for a few minutes, the system locks up completely and does not respond to keyboard or mouse input. After rebooting, no error messages are found in Event Viewer. Which of the following would be the best next troubleshooting step?	Reinstall the operating system;Upgrade the BIOS;Update device drivers;Run hardware diagnostics	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Run hardware diagnostics Issues that result in the system hanging without any additional information can be frustrating to troubleshoot. Since there are no error messages or log entries associated with the issue, the best option would be to perform a hardware diagnostic and at least confirm that the hardware is working as expected.
Which of these network types would most likely be categorized as a WAN?	A point-to-point connection to an office in another country;A fiber connection to a building across a campus;A connection to a remote office on the other side of town;A link between a mobile device and an automobile	1	Networking	A point-to-point connection to an office in another country WAN (Wide Area Network) connections are between locations in different cities, states, or countries.
A technician is connecting two buildings using a fiber optic link. Which of these connectors would be commonly associated with this media type?	RJ45;F;Molex;SC	4	Hardware	SC An SC (Subscriber Connector or "Square Connector") interface is a common type of connection for fiber optic terminations.
A system administrator is configuring the IP address settings on a remote server. Which of these settings would enable the server to communicate with other devices using a fully qualified domain name?	DHCP;IP address;DNS;Subnet mask	3	Networking	DNS A DNS (Domain Name System) server provides the conversion between fully qualified domain names and IP (Internet Protocol) addresses. With a DNS, we can refer to servers by their name instead of using IP addresses.
Which of the following devices makes forwarding decisions based on destination IP address?	ONT;Router;NIC;Managed switch	2	Networking	Router A router decides the next hop of an packet based on the packet's destination IP (Internet Protocol) address.
A system administrator needs to test a new application simultaneously across macOS, Windows, and Linux. Which of the following would be the best choice for this requirement?	Multiple partitions;SaaS;Cross-platform virtualization;High availability	3	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Cross-platform virtualization Cross-platform virtualization allows the user to run multiple operating systems simultaneously.
A workstation is configured with a video card that outputs DVI-D, but it needs to connect to an LCD projector with an HDMI connection. Which of the following would be the best way to connect this workstation to the projector?	DVI-D to HDMI adapter;Digital to analog converter;VGA to HDMI adapter;USB to HDMI converter	1	Hardware	DVI-D to HDMI adapter DVI-D (Digital Visual Interface-Digital) and HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) are electrically compatible and only require an interface adapter to connect between devices. No conversion of the video signal is required between DVI-D and HDMI.
An Android user needs to transfer some presentations from their desktop computer to their smartphone. Which of the following would be the best choice?	Lightning;RJ45;USB-C;Thunderbolt	3	Mobile Devices	USB-C USB-C is a connection type used on many Android-based devices.
What type of network connection is commonly used by DSL?	Coax;Fiber optic;802.11;Twisted pair copper	4	Networking	Twisted pair copper DSL (Digital Subscriber Line) networks use the same twisted pair copper as traditional phone lines.
An administrator is building a computer system to stream live corporate events. Which of the following should be installed to provide input for the live stream?	Capture card;Thermal pads;HSM;M.2	1	Hardware	Capture card A capture card can be used as an input for video and audio. This input can be stored on a drive or used as input to a streaming service.
A user's workstation has been configured with the IP address of 172.20.122.45. Which of the following would best describe this IP address type?	Loopback;Private;Static;APIPA	2	Networking	Private An IP address is private if it is in the ranges of 10.0.0.0/8, 172.16.0.0/12, and 192.168.0.0/16. The address of 172.20.122.45 is in the range between 172.16.0.0 through 172.31.255.255.
What type of proprietary Apple connector can be plugged in face up or face down?	Lightning;Thunderbolt;SATA;USB-C	1	Mobile Devices	Lightning The Apple lightning connector is only found on Apple devices, and it allows for a higher power output to charge larger phone and tablets. The connector can also be plugged in either face up or face down.
Which of the following best describes elasticity in cloud computing?	A cloud-based application framework is used to build more complex apps;The cloud operates in an internal virtualized data center;All cloud storage is managed from a central pool;Cloud resources can scale up as needed	4	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Cloud resources can scale up as needed Rapid elasticity is a cloud computing characteristic that allows the scaling up and down of cloud-based applications on an as-needed basis.
A company would like to configure a Sender Policy Framework (SPF) record in their DNS. Which of the following should be configured in the DNS server?	AAAA;TXT;MX;DKIM	2	Networking	TXT The TXT, or text record, can be used in a DNS server to specify the SPF information. The SPF record documents the list of email servers authorized to send emails for the domain.
Which of the following would be most commonly associated with the management interface on a switch?	ST;802.11;DB-9;Thunderbolt	3	Hardware	DB-9 The serial connectivity used with a DB-9 (D-subminiature size B, 9 pin) interface is usually associated with management ports on switches, router, and other infrastructure devices.
A user in the facilities department is having an issue printing their blueprints to a network laser printer. When they pick up their output, the page contains specks and small dots randomly printed on the page with the final output. Which of these is the most likely cause of this issue?	Network is faulty;Optical drum is not clean;Page description language is incorrect;Printer is low on toner	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Optical drum is not clean The cleaning process of a laser printer removes any non-used toner from the optical drum after one cycle of the printing process. If the cleaning process isn't working properly, extra toner will remain on the drum and can be transferred to the next section of the page output as dots or specs on the page.
A user would like to ensure all apps on their smartphone use 802.11 networking instead of the cellular network. Which of the following would provide this functionality?	Enable data caps;Use biometric authentication;Synchronize to the cloud;VPN client	1	Mobile Devices	Enable data caps Most smartphones include the ability to set limits on how much data is transferred over certain network types. For example, iOS can be configured to allow or disallow downloads over a cellular network and can limit the size of downloads if a cellular network is enabled.
A network administrator is installing an Ethernet cable containing gel and a ground wire. Which of the following would most likely describe this cable?	Plenum;Direct burial;Optical;Ethernet patch	2	Hardware	Direct burial A direct burial cable is designed to be installed in the ground, so it includes waterproof gel to protect the copper cables. The cables also include a ground wire to support an electrical ground.
A Windows computer is configured to obtain an IP address automatically. Which of the following would occur if the automatic assignment process was not working?	The IP address would be set to 0.0.0.0;A link-local address would be assigned;The Ethernet adapter would be disabled;The last known good IP address would be used	2	Networking	A link-local address would be assigned If a device is configured to obtain an IP address from a DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) server and the DHCP server is not available, an APIPA (Automatic Private IP Addressing) address, or link- local address, would be assigned.
A web server administrator has received a notification that disk 1 in a RAID 5 array has failed. Which of the following would be the best next step to resolve this drive failure?	Replace disk 1 and restore from backup;Replace all drives and restore from backup;Replace all drives and rebuild the array;Replace disk 1 and rebuild the array	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Replace disk 1 and rebuild the array A RAID 5 (Redundant Array of Independent Disks, level 5) array is designed to maintain data availability in the event of a single drive failure. In this example, it's unlikely that the users even realized one of the drives on the array was suddenly unavailable because the array would continue to operate normally with all data intact. To resolve this issue, the bad drive would need to be replaced, and the array would rebuild the data on the new drive using the redundant data from other drives.
A high speed network provides access to a large array of hard drives. Which of the following would best describe this type of network?	PAN;LAN;SAN;MAN	3	Networking	SAN A SAN (Storage Area Network) is a high-speed network connecting users with large data stores. The SAN looks and feels like a local storage device, and provides block-level access for efficient reading and writing.
A user in the accounting department is reporting that all of the printed pages from a networked laser printer are completely blank. Nothing appears to be written on any of the printed pages. Which of the following would be the most likely cause of this issue?	Incorrect page description language;Print drivers are incorrect;Printer out of memory;Toner cartridge is faulty	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Toner cartridge is faulty If the toner cartridge is completely empty or is not properly providing toner to the printer, then nothing will be printed on the final output.
A systems administrator has just installed a new server in a data center. When pressing the power button, there’s no response from the server, no lights appear on the front display, and no fans are spinning. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	An operating system is not installed on the server;The power supply switch is set to the wrong input voltage;The BIOS needs to be upgraded;The keyboard and mouse are not connected	2	Hardware	The power supply switch is set to the wrong input voltage If the data center power provides 120 volts and the computer's power supply is set to 240 volts, the computer will not be able to start. Some power supplies will attempt to start with the lower voltage while other power supplies will not work at all. In either case, the computer is not going to perform properly with the lower voltage and may be damaged by the difference in expected voltage.
Which of the following services would automatically provide an IP address to any device connected to the network?	DNS;Proxy;IPS;DHCP	4	Networking	DHCP DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) is used to automatically assign IP addresses to network devices. A device configured to use DHCP will be assigned an IP address without any intervention from the user or network administrator.
A network administrator is installing a network link containing an LC connector. Which of the following would be the most likely connection for this link?	Cable modem;Access point;Internet firewall;Link between buildings	4	Hardware	Link between buildings Connections between buildings tend to exceed the distance allowed for copper cabling, so fiber optics are often used to communicate over this extended distance. The LC (Lucent Connector) interface is a common fiber optic connector.
A computer lab is purchasing supplies for their dot-matrix printers. Which of the following should be included on this order?	Toner cartridge;Heating element;Ink ribbon;Ink cartridge	3	Hardware	Ink ribbon Ink ribbons are commonly used by impact printers or dot matrix printers. The printer head of an impact printer pushes pins into the ribbon which then presses onto the page to provide the printed output.
A system administrator is installing a lightweight and standalone executable package containing an application and all of its dependencies. This package is isolated from other installed packages and the underlying host operating system. Which of the following would best describe this package?	Container;Archive;Cabinet;VDI	1	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Container An application container is a standalone package containing everything needed to run an application instance, including all of the files and dependencies. The host operating system is not included in the container, and the OS is commonly shared across all containers on the system.
A server administrator is building a web server with three hard disk drives. The storage for the server requires the fastest possible access and redundancy is not a primary requirement. Which of the following would be the best choice for this server?	RAID 10;RAID 1;RAID 0;RAID 5	3	Hardware	RAID 0 RAID (Redundant Array of Independent Disks) level 0 does not provide any redundancy, but it will efficiently stripe data across multiple drives. RAID 0 does not require the duplication of data or calculation of parity, so it's commonly considered the fastest access of the RAID levels.
A company is consolidating Event Viewer information from all Windows Servers to a centralized repository. Which of the following services would provide this functionality?	DNS;Syslog;NTP;UTM	2	Networking	Syslog Syslog is a standard protocol for transmitting log files from network devices to a centralized log database. This standard format allows routers, switches, servers, firewalls, and any other device to send their log information to this central repository.
A developer has requested a server for testing a new application. To complete this request, the system administrator logs into his cloud console and allocates a new server configuration. Which of the following best describes the process of creating this server?	Metered utilization;File synchronization;Availability;Shared resources	4	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Shared resources It's common to place all of the computing resources in one place for all cloud services. As new cloud-based systems are created, the CPU, memory, storage, and other technologies needed to build these systems are allocated from this central pool of shared resources.
Which of the following would be the most efficient method of migrating from an HDD to an SSD?	Use cloud-based backup and restore;Perform a drive-to-drive image;Install a new OS on the SSD;Use an SSD for the OS and HDD for the applications	2	Mobile Devices	Perform a drive-to-drive image A drive-to-drive image is a fast way to migrate from one drive type to another. Both drives are online at the same time, and third-party software can be used to quickly clone or copy all data from one drive to the other.
A technician is installing a CPU and heat sink into a new system. Which of the following should be used with these two components?	Redundant power supply;Header;Loopback plug;Thermal pad	4	Hardware	Thermal pad A thermal pad is used to create efficient thermal conductivity between components. The connection created by the thermal pad moves heat from the CPU (Central Processing Unit) into the fins of the heat sink, and that heat is moved out of the system using the computer's cooling system.
The fans on a desktop computer are not able to move enough air to keep the system cool. A technician finds a significant amount of airflow is restricted by the internal wiring inside the computer case. Which of the following would help to resolve this issue?	Modular power supply;Wireless networking;Bluetooth keyboard and mouse;Dual-channel memory	1	Hardware	Modular power supply A modular power supply allows the technician to add or remove power cables as needed, so unused cables would not be attached or installed inside of the computer case. This keeps the number of cables inside the computer to a minimum and creates the best possible airflow through the system.
A user would like to connect a set of Bluetooth speakers to their smartphone. Which of the following would be required for this connection?	Pre-shared key;Biometrics;PIN;Key generation app	3	Mobile Devices	PIN A PIN (Personal Identification Number) is used during the Bluetooth pairing process to verify the connectivity between two devices.
A user's virtualization software requires hardware support to be enabled. Which of the following would enable this functionality?	Hypervisor configuration;BIOS settings;Motherboard header;PCIe adapter	2	Hardware	BIOS settings The BIOS (Basic Input Output System) of a computer manages the hardware configuration of the system. If the CPU supports hardware virtualization, there is usually an option to enable or disable support in the BIOS settings.
A network administrator is viewing the interface statistics on a WAN router and has noticed that error rates are increasing. The administrator has replaced the WAN cables, but the errors continue. Which of the following tools should be used to best troubleshoot this issue?	Loopback plug;Toner probe;Crimper;Cable tester	1	Networking	Loopback plug A loopback plug is useful when running diagnostics on a device interface. Data is sent out an interface, and the loopback plug redirects that data back to the same interface. By comparing the data sent and received, the technician can determine if an interface may not be operating properly.
A user has reported stuttering and dropouts occurring on most of their incoming VoIP calls. Other web-based applications appear to be working normally. Which of the following would provide the best information regarding this issue?	Jitter measurements;Hard drive IOPS;SMART monitoring;Task Manager	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Jitter measurements Jitter measures the amount of inter-packet delay associated with VoIP traffic flows. If the packets arrive inconsistently or with delays between packets, the jitter values will increase to indicate congestion or delays.
An administrator is trying to print some customer letters on company letterhead, but there are no messages on the printer and no pages are printing. Upon examining the queue, five print jobs are pending and waiting to print. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this issue?	Tray selection in the printer driver is incorrect;The fuser is faulty;Print spooler has crashed;Printer does not support printing on letterhead	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Print spooler has crashed The print spooler is responsible for storing print jobs, queuing them, and sending them to the printer. A print spooler crash would cause all print jobs to stop completely, regardless of which page type is specified for the output.
A hardware technician has been asked to purchase a system to be used as a database server. One of the specifications for the server requires the system to detect and correct memory errors during operation. Which of the following would be the best option for this project?	Parity memory;Single channel;ECC;SO-DIMM	3	Hardware	ECC ECC (Error Correcting Code) memory is designed to both identify memory errors and correct them if possible. It's common to see ECC RAM (Random Access Memory) used in servers to minimize any potential downtime.
A system administrator is replacing a cracked LCD display on a Windows laptop. Which of the following would be the most important component to test after this replacement?	Trackpad;Wireless network;USB devices;Primary storage drive	2	Mobile Devices	Wireless network The antenna wires of the 802.11 wireless and Bluetooth adapters commonly wrap around the laptop display for the best possible height. When replacing the display, it's important to make sure that the wires are properly installed and have not detached from the antenna connectors on the wireless adapter or motherboard.
Which of the following would be MOST associated with M.2?	HDD;eSATA;RAID;SSD	4	Hardware	SSD SSDs (Solid State Drives) are storage devices with non-volatile memory and have no moving parts. The M.2 interface is a small form factor interface allowing for high-throughput storage in a smaller footprint than a 2.5-inch storage drive.
A user in the accounting department is reporting that her smartwatch is not synchronizing with her mobile phone. The phone is powered on and unlocked, but the phone does not show the smartwatch in a list of available devices. Which of the following would most likely solve this issue?	Enable NFC on the smartwatch;Disable Wi-Fi on the phone;Enable Bluetooth on the smartwatch;Restart the phone and smartwatch	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Enable Bluetooth on the smartwatch The PAN (Personal Area Network) used for connectivity between local devices is Bluetooth, so enabling Bluetooth on the smartwatch should allow the phone to properly communicate with the watch.
A computer used for testing high-resolution gaming displays has a high- end video adapter and DisplayPort video connection. The computer works properly for word processing and spreadsheets, but it powers down after only a few minutes of graphics testing. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	The storage drive is not fast enough for the testing application;The CPU fan is faulty;The video display is not properly connected;One of the memory modules is faulty	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The CPU fan is faulty If a system powers off after some intense CPU (Central Processing Unit) utilization, then the issue is most likely associated with heat or power. Most computers have many different temperature sensors to recognize when the system gets too hot, and they will automatically power down to prevent damaging the CPU, memory, and other hardware.
A network administrator has created a configuration for a server using the same IP address each time the server is started. Which of the following would best describe this configuration?	Link-local address;IP reservation;Default gateway;APIPA	2	Networking	IP reservation An IP (Internet Protocol) reservation is usually configured on a DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) server to ensure that specific devices always receive the same IP address. This is commonly done to ensure that important network resources are always available using the same IP address.
A network technician is installing a new copper gigabit Ethernet connection, but when they plug in the network cable the status light indicators are dark. Which of the following would be the most likely status of the network connection?	The DHCP server has not assigned an IP address;There is no signal on the Ethernet cable;The Ethernet link is running at 100 megabits per second instead of 1 gigabit per second;The primary DNS server is not responding	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	There is no signal on the Ethernet cable A least one light on the Ethernet adapter is commonly associated with the link status. The link light will turn on if a signal is identified on the Ethernet cable. Most Ethernet adapters will have lights to indicate the status of an Ethernet signal and the speed of the link.
A finance manager is printing a contract designed to be printed on both sides of the page, but the printer is only providing output on one side of the paper. Which of the following options would resolve this issue?	Badging;Tray settings;Orientation;Duplex	4	Hardware	Duplex The duplex setting on a printer enables printing on both sides of the page without requiring a person to manually flip the pages over.
A technician is troubleshooting a mobile phone that turns off after about an hour of normal use. Before powering off, the phone displays the message, “High temperature detected.” The phone is used inside the building at room temperature, and is not used in direct sunlight. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	An app is using a large amount of CPU;The Wi-Fi network is overloaded;The battery has low voltage;The mobile phone has liquid damage	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	An app is using a large amount of CPU Electronic devices generate a lot of heat, and the amount of heat from a CPU increases dramatically as it is used. Although most mobile devices will dissipate the heat using passive cooling, it's still possible to overheat the device in certain circumstances.
A user in the marketing department was using their computer to send some email messages. The computer made an unexpected loud pop and immediately powered down. The computer would not respond to additional attempts to power it back on. Which of the following would be the most likely cause of this issue?	Incorrect video refresh rate;Faulty capacitor;Incomplete software update;Bad memory module	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Faulty capacitor Not all capacitors pop when they fail, but often a loud pop inside of a computer is related to a blown capacitor. The second symptom of the immediate powering off of the system also helps make the case that a capacitor is to blame.
A manager in the shipping department needs to connect their laptop to wireless portable speakers while in the office. Which of these should be configured on their laptop?	Tethering;Bluetooth;NFC;RFID	2	Mobile Devices	Bluetooth Most external portable speakers use Bluetooth to receive audio signals from a mobile device. Bluetooth has the best fit for connectivity options, distance requirements, and bandwidth for sending audio data.
A technician has two hard disk drives that need to be configured redundantly, and all information should be duplicated across physical drives. Which of the following should be configured?	RAID 5;RAID 1;RAID 6;RAID 0	2	Hardware	RAID 1 A RAID 1 (Redundant Array of Independent Disks) array keeps an exact duplicate of data across multiple drives. If one drive fails, the other drive containing the duplicated data continues to provide access to the data.
A system administrator has connected a desktop computer to a new LCD. After connecting the monitor, all of the desktop icons and windows appear oversized and the display appears to be fuzzy and out of focus. Which of the following would be the best way to correct this issue?	Modify the display resolution;Use a different LCD display;Replace the monitor cable;Restart the desktop computer	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Modify the display resolution The display resolution determines how many horizontal and vertical pixels are used when displaying information on a screen. If the resolution is set relatively low, the screen information will appear larger than a higher resolution and the output would appear blurry or fuzzy. To correct this oversized view, the system administrator will need to configure a higher resolution setting on the desktop computer.
The camera on a user's smartphone works properly when at home, but the user is not able to take pictures while at their desk at work. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	NFC;Biometrics;Bluetooth pairing;MDM	4	Mobile Devices	MDM An MDM (Mobile Device Manager) is a centralized administration tool for mobile devices. The administrator can enable or disable certain features, and some of those features can be disabled based on the device's current location.
A system administrator is installing a new LCD projector in the company conference room. Which of the following would most likely be used with this projector?	Lightning;UTP;Coaxial;HDMI	4	Hardware	HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a common interface for transmitting audio and video to televisions, displays, and projectors.
