The printer in the accounting department has stopped all printing processes. The print queue shows seven jobs in the queue waiting to be printed. Which of the following would be the best next troubleshooting step?	Send a test job to the printer and move it to the top of the queue;Restart the printer's spooler;Install an updated version of the printer driver;Delete everything in the queue and resend the print jobs	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Restart the printer's spooler The print spooler is the software responsible for storing print jobs and sending them to the printer. If the printer spooler has failed or has stopped, then none of the print jobs will be sent to the printer.
A system administrator has connected an external USB drive to a computer to transfer some documents. When booting the computer, the system tries to boot from the external drive and gives an error message. Which of the following would be the best way to prevent the USB drive from booting?	Modify the BIOS to boot from the internal hard drive;Modify the boot order in Windows Disk Management;Rebuild the MBR on the external hard drive;Disable the external drive in Device Manager	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Modify the BIOS to boot from the internal hard drive The boot order is managed in the system BIOS, and one way to avoid the computer from attempting to boot from an external storage device is to move the internal drive to have a higher boot priority.
A user's print jobs to a new multifunction printer produce pages of garbled text, but jobs from other users are printing normally. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	Printer driver specifies secured prints;Faulty network cable;Print driver is configured for PCL;Application is not authorized to print	3	Hardware	Print driver is configured for PCL The page description language configured in a printer driver must match the language on the printer. If a device prints to a PostScript printer using Hewlett-Packard's PCL (Printer Command Language), the output will appear garbled and unreadable.
A network connection in a conference room was installed years ago, and there’s no documentation for the cable run. Connecting a device to the cable results in a successful Ethernet connection, so the other end of the cable should terminate somewhere in the wiring closet. Which of these tools would be the best choice to find the other end of the network connection?	Cable tester;Tone generator;Multimeter;Crimper	2	Networking	Tone generator A tone generator is used to produce an analog tone on the cable, and an inductive probe is used to "listen" for the tone on the other end of the cable.
A network administrator has received a ticket complaining of port flapping on an Ethernet switch. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	Firewall rule is blocking traffic;Faulty crimp on an Ethernet connector;Excessive jitter measurements;Duplex mismatch	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Faulty crimp on an Ethernet connector Port flapping describes a network interface which constantly transitions between connected and disconnected. This can sometimes be related to software or firmware, but is most likely associated with a hardware issue. For example, a faulty cable or connector could cause intermittent connectivity and create a flapping Ethernet port.
A user has powered on their computer and received the message “Operating system not found.” A check of the system shows the SATA drive cables are properly connected. Which of the following would be the next best troubleshooting step?	Boot to Safe Mode;Replace the boot drive;Restore from a known good backup;Check for removable drives	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Check for removable drives If a USB (Universal Serial Bus) storage device is connected to a computer and the BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) is checking USB devices before the primary storage drive, the "Operating system not found" error could appear with some USB devices. To avoid this error, the boot order in the BIOS can be changed, or the USB device can be disconnected during the boot process and reconnected after the operating system has started.
A user is having an issue with a smartphone battery bulging and physically pushing the screen away from the phone. The rest of the phone appears to be operating normally. Which of the following should be the best next troubleshooting step?	Power off the phone and contact support;Upgrade to the latest OS version;Replace the screen;Perform a factory reset	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Power off the phone and contact support A swollen battery indicates damage to the battery and could potentially be a fire hazard. The phone should be powered down and the damaged battery should be removed by a trained smartphone support technician.
A client’s laptop appears to boot normally, but nothing ever appears on the LCD. After closer inspection, you notice the output is visible but it's too faint to clearly see anything. What is the most likely cause of this issue?	Video card;Inverter;Video driver;Power adapter	2	Hardware	Inverter The inverter powers the CCFL (Cold Cathode Fluorescent Lamp) LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) backlight, allowing you to easily view the pixels on the display. Most newer laptops will use LED (Light Emitting Diode) backlights with existing DC (Direct Current) power and these LED lights don’t require an inverter.
A graphics designer is experiencing increasing delays when accessing files on her hard drive. The user maintains a daily backup of all data on the drive. Which of these would be the best next troubleshooting step for this issue?	Reinstall Windows;Perform a hard drive diagnostic;Restore from the daily backup;Boot to Safe Mode	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Perform a hard drive diagnostic Before making any changes, it would be useful to gather more information about this problem. A hardware diagnostic would determine if the hard drive itself is working properly. If the hard drive is operating normally, the troubleshooting process can then focus on the operating system and software.
Which of the following would be most likely found on an optical disc?	Document archive;Operating system boot files;RAID parity files;BIOS configurations	1	Hardware	Document archive An optical disc such as a DVD-ROM (Digital Versatile Disc - Read Only Memory) has the advantage of a relatively large storage area and the ability to write once and never worry about an accidental deletion. The storage of documents and other files is a common use of optical discs.
When a user starts their computer, the screen remains blank and the computer beeps twice. Which of these would be the most likely cause of this issue?	The boot device is not connected;The memory is faulty;The operating system has become corrupted;The PC is infected with malware	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The memory is faulty The POST (Power On Self Test) is the initial hardware check during the startup process. If a major hardware component is faulty, the computer will beep and a message will be displayed on the screen. If the issue is related to a critical component, the computer will not be able to display a message on the screen and instead will beep a certain number of times as a code to specify the error.
A firewall is configured to block email transfers from a remote server. Which of the following ports is the firewall blocking?	443;22;23;25	4	Networking	25 Port 25 is used by SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) to send email messages from devices and transfer those messages between SMTP email servers.
A technician is connecting a laptop to an LCD projector in a conference room. The display on the laptop works properly, but the projector image is constantly flickering and pixelating. The technician has modified the resolution and refresh rates, but the projector image continues to flicker. Which of the following would be the best next troubleshooting step?	Replace the video cable;Disable the laptop display;Replace the projector bulb;Power cycle the projector	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Replace the video cable A display issue associated with flickering and poor video quality would commonly point to the connection between the video adapter and the display device. In the case of an LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) projector, there's sometimes a very long (and very worn) cable which can cause signal issues to show on the projected image.
The stylus on an Android tablet will no longer interact with the user interface. Which of these would be the most likely cause of this issue?	Digitizer;Backlight;Contrast;Inverter	1	Hardware	Digitizer The digitizer is the component in a touch screen to convert analog input from a fingerprint or stylus into a digital input. If the digitizer is having an issue, then problems will occur with any direct screen input.
A user in the accounting department needs to print a form on the laser printer on both sides of the page. Which of the following options should be configured in the accounting software?	Tray settings;Orientation;Duplex;Resolution	3	Hardware	Duplex The duplex setting prints the output on both sides of the page, and a printer which supports duplexing will flip the page over without any manual intervention from the user.
A system administrator is building a server for a data center in another country. The server will manage a print queue and provide a local storage partition for temporary file transfers. Which of the following power supply specifications will be the most important for this server?	Voltage input options;Number of PCIe connectors;Modular cabling;Fan noise rating	1	Hardware	Voltage input options Connecting to the power source in a different country is an important consideration when selecting a power supply. If the voltage specifications are incorrect, the server may not operate at all or components in the server may be damaged. Servers using auto-switching power supplies are compatible with the power systems in other countries.
Which of these technologies do not require a backlight to provide a viewable display?	LCD;IPS;OLED;Mini LED	3	Hardware	OLED An OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode) display emits light when a current is provided to an organic compound. A backlight would not be necessary with an OLED display.
A system administrator has tripped over an Ethernet cable and the cable’s RJ45 connector has broken. Which of the following should be used to resolve this issue?	Punch-down tool;Tone generator and probe;Cable tester;Crimper	4	Networking	Crimper A crimper is used to attach a modular connector to a cable. In this example, a new connector can be reattached to the cable using an RJ45 (Registered Jack type 45) crimper.
A newly installed multifunction device provides an option to "scan to SMB." Which of the following would best describe this feature?	Print jobs can be sent from mobile devices;All scans are checked for malware;Files are stored on a Microsoft share;Documents are scanned from the cloud	3	Hardware	Files are stored on a Microsoft share SMB (Server Message Block) is the protocol used by Microsoft operating systems to share files, print jobs, and other information between other Microsoft OS devices. Many multifunction devices can scan a document and store the scanned file on a central network share using SMB.
A network administrator is powering their access points using voltage provided through the existing Ethernet cables. Which of the following technologies is associated with this power source?	UPS;PoE switch;Router;Surge protector	2	Networking	PoE switch A PoE (Power over Ethernet) switch provides voltage over the Ethernet cable itself. This allows devices to power and communicate using voltage added to the Ethernet cable at a PoE switch or using an PoE injector.
In which of the following would a Lightning cable most likely be used?	Connect a server to a display monitor;Increase the available memory of a device;Remotely control a mobile device;Charge a mobile device	4	Hardware	Charge a mobile device The Lightning interface is a proprietary interface used exclusively on mobile devices from Apple. The Lightning interface is a common connection for data transfers and power charging for many Apple mobile devices.
A network administrator would like to enable DHCP on a laptop, but they would like the same IP address to be assigned to the laptop each time it starts. Which of the following would provide this functionality?	Create an IP reservation on the DHCP server;Administratively configure the laptop’s MAC address;Use APIPA addressing;Assign the laptop to a static IP VLAN	1	Networking	Create an IP reservation on the DHCP server A DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) server will automatically assign IP (Internet Protocol) addresses to devices on the network from an available pool. This means the IP address for a device may change over time based on the addresses currently available in the pool. To force the same IP address assignment each time, the network administrator can create an IP reservation in the DHCP server to associate a specific IP address to the MAC (Media Access Control) address of the laptop.
A user is complaining about slow network performance from their workstation. A network technician checks the data closet and finds the wires are not properly seated in the 110 block. Which of the following should the technician use to correct this issue?	Crimper;Multimeter;Punch-down tool;Cable tester	3	Networking	Punch-down tool A punch-down tool is used to firmly "punch" a wire into a wiring block. These blocks are usually located in a wiring closet or on a patch panel.
A user has just connected to a new wireless network, but they cannot view any Internet web sites. Their network configuration shows the IP address as 169.254.228.109, the subnet mask is 255.255.0.0, and they have not been assigned a default gateway. Which of these is the most likely cause of this issue?	The subnet mask is not correct;The Internet provider is experiencing a temporary outage;The DHCP server is down;The wireless adapter is not working properly	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The DHCP server is down If a DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) server is not responding, the local workstation will configure itself with an APIPA (Automatic Private IP Addressing) address. The usable APIPA addresses range between 169.254.1.0 through 169.254.254.255. An APIPA address is a link-local address, so network communication is limited to the local IP subnet.
While configuring a new workstation in the lab, one of the engineers recommends using 255.255.255.0. What part of the configuration is this associated with?	Default gateway;Subnet mask;DNS server;IP address	2	Networking	Subnet mask Subnet masks are used by a device to determine what subnet it's connected to. Subnet masks are a series of binary ones that are used to "mask" the subnet address from the host address. Instead of representing this mask in binary, it's almost always shown in decimal form. Common decimal representations of subnet mask start with 255, such as 255.255.255.0.
Which of the following best describes a Bluetooth network?	PAN;WAN;LAN;MAN	1	Networking	PAN A PAN (Personal Area Network) is designed for a small area and usually is associated with an individual. Bluetooth devices such as headsets, speakers, and automobile connections are considered PANs.
During the onboarding process, an employee's phone has been added to the corporate MDM. Which of the following would best describe this deployment strategy?	COPE;SaaS;BYOD;SMB	3	Mobile Devices	BYOD BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) describes the use of personal devices in corporate settings. These devices are often managed through a centralized MDM (Mobile Device Manager).
A user's smartphone shows a black screen and does not respond to any screen taps or button presses. A check of the SIM card shows a red label but no physical damage. Which of the following is the most likely reason for these issues?	Overheating;Digitizer failure;Liquid damage;Invalid SIM card	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Liquid damage Most smartphones and tablets include a liquid contact indicator (LCI). This indicator is usually white, and it can often be seen without disassembling the device. If the LCI turns pink or red, the device has been in close contact with liquid.
An administrator needs to obtain the MAC address of a print server. Which of the following would be the best source of this information?	Router;NIC;Firewall;ONT	2	Networking	NIC A MAC (Media Access Control) address is commonly associated with a NIC (Network Interface Card). Each MAC address is a unique value and is burned-in to the ROM (Read Only Memory) of the NIC.
A user would like to access email from their Windows 11 laptop using a smartphone’s Internet connection. Which of these technologies needs to be enabled on the laptop?	5G;802.11;NFC;GPS	2	Mobile Devices	802.11 An Internet hotspot commonly uses 802.11 wireless connections to connect a laptop and a smartphone together. The laptop will communicate to the smartphone over 802.11, and the smartphone is used to connect to resources on the Internet using 5G or a similar cellular technology.
A system administrator needs to upgrade a laptop from a hard drive to an SSD. Which of the following would provide the most efficient method of upgrading this system?	Create an image of the hard drive and restore to the SSD;Install a new Windows license and application files on the SSD;Backup all user documents and copy them to another computer;Compress the home directory and upload it to cloud storage	1	Mobile Devices	Create an image of the hard drive and restore to the SSD A system image contains everything on the storage drive, so the restored system will have the same operating system, configuration options, user documents, and installed applications as the original system.
A new employee has been assigned a corporate smartphone, but the camera and the installation of third-party apps has been disabled. Which of the following is the most likely reason for these issues?	The smartphone is out of storage space;The smartphone OS needs to be upgraded;An MDM has disabled the features;The smartphone hardware is faulty	3	Mobile Devices	An MDM has disabled the features An MDM (Mobile Device Manager) can enable or disable effectively any feature on the smartphone, including the camera and the app installation process.
A system administrator is using a maintenance kit on a network-connected laser printer. Which of the following should be the last step when performing this maintenance?	Examine the feed rollers;Wait until the fuser unit cools down and replace it;Reset the page counter;Replace the power cord	3	Hardware	Reset the page counter The page counter is a helpful metric to determine how much the printer is used, which in turn determines when the next maintenance should be scheduled. After performing the current maintenance cycle and verifying the printer's operation, the page counter should be reset so the next maintenance time-frame can be properly estimated.
An application developer needs to test an application across all of the operating systems used by the company. Each operating system will be tested individually in a lab environment. The company would like to minimize any additional hardware purchases for this project. Which of the following would be the best way to test this application?	Purchase a system configured just above the hardware requirements for the highest-end operating system. Create separate VMs for each operating system.;Purchase individual test computers which match the hardware requirements for each OS. Install different operating systems on each test computer.;Designate existing user workstations to be used as testing systems. Run all application tests during non-working hours.;Purchase a system which matches the minimum hardware requirements for the highest-end operating system. Create a system image for each operating system and reimage the computer between tests.	1	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Purchase a system that is configured just above the hardware requirements for the highest-end operating system. Create separate VMs for each operating system. Creating virtual machines for these tests would be a great way to minimize hardware costs, and the machine used for the testing should be able to properly virtualize the testing OS while the host OS is running. Purchasing a system that is slightly more powerful than the highest-level operating system configuration should cover any technical requirements.
A graphics editor is purchasing a new monitor which will best match the color output of their laser printer. Which of the following specifications would best meet this requirement?	Pixel density;Screen resolution;Color gamut;Refresh rate	3	Hardware	Color gamut The color gamut describes the range of colors available on a device. A display with a comprehensive color gamut can best match the colors on other devices, including color laser printers.
A user in the manufacturing department reports every page printed from the central networked laser printer is jamming inside of the printer. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this issue?	The printer driver is outdated;The printer language is not properly configured;The paper is an incorrect weight;The toner is low	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The paper is an incorrect weight The paper path of a printer has been engineered for a specific range of paper weights, and going outside of this range can cause paper jams and creased pages in the final output.
Which mobile device connection is commonly used for making payments at a store checkout?	NFC;Infrared;Cellular;Bluetooth	1	Mobile Devices	NFC NFC (Near Field Communication) is designed to transfer small amounts of data wirelessly over a limited area. It's common to use a smart phone or smart watch with a credit card terminal to pay for goods or services.
A company hosts a cloud-based application which includes redundant servers located in different data centers around the world. Which of the following cloud computing characteristics would best describe this application design?	Elasticity;Availability;Non-metered;VDI	2	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Availability If a single server fails, there are other servers available in different data centers for clients to access. This highly available design ensures the services are always available to the users.
A manager’s computer is able to connect to Internet sites while in conference rooms or in the building courtyard. When the laptop is brought back to the manager’s desk and placed into the docking station, the Internet access is unavailable but all other features are working. Which of the following should be the first troubleshooting task for this issue?	Replace the docking station power supply;Upgrade the laptop BIOS;Replace the docking station;Check the docking station network cable	4	Mobile Devices	Check the docking station network cable The Internet access on the laptop appears to be working properly on the wireless network, but the docking station connection would use a wired Ethernet connection. If everything else is working properly, then the issue would most likely be associated with the Ethernet interface in the docking station.
The manager of the Accounting department would like to add another phone number to their iPhone to use while working at a regional site in another country. Which of the following would provide this functionality?	MDM;eSIM;Bluetooth;Tether	2	Mobile Devices	eSIM An eSIM (Embedded Subscriber Identity Module) is an electronic method of applying carrier and user information to a smartphone. No additional hardware is required when using an eSIM, and the additional phone number can be updated in the phone software directly.
A technician is working with a desktop computer where the display shows a completely black screen. Powering the computer and monitor off and back on does not correct the issue. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	The computer resolution is different than the monitor;The monitor input is incorrect;Image scaling is disabled;The monitor has a dead pixel	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The monitor input is incorrect Many monitors have multiple input interfaces, but not all monitors will automatically switch to the active interface. Adjusting the input interface on the monitor controls will resolve any issues associated with the interface type and connection.
An engineer has manually configured IP addresses for a small office which uses a cable modem for Internet connectivity. However, none of the devices configured with a manual IP address are able to browse Internet websites. All devices are connected to the cable modem with twisted-pair Ethernet cables. This is the configuration of one device: IP address: 192.168.1.7 Subnet mask: 255.255.255.0 Default gateway: 192.168.1.1 DNS: 192.168.1.7 The engineer can successfully ping the local IP address and the default gateway address. Which of the following should be the next troubleshooting step?	Check for duplicate IP addresses;Replace the Ethernet cable;Check the DNS configuration;Replace the cable modem	3	Networking	Check the DNS configuration One of the most noticeable IP (Internet Protocol) configuration settings was the DNS (Domain Name Service) server IP address set to the same IP address the local device. Since DNS servers are commonly separate devices, it would be unusual to see a DNS configured with the same IP address of the local device. The next step should be to confirm the DNS settings with the local network administrator.
A user in a remote office is connecting a device using an F-connector. Which of the following would be most likely associated with this connection?	Cable modem;Switch;Punchdown block;DSL modem	1	Hardware	Cable modem A cable modem is commonly associated with a coaxial cable input using an F-connector. The output from the cable modem commonly uses an RJ45 Ethernet connector.
A user in the accounting department has turned on their computer and received the message “Date and Time not set.” Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this message?	The motherboard battery has discharged;Windows update has rebooted the computer;Daylight Saving Time occurred during the weekend;The BIOS was just upgraded	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The motherboard battery has discharged The battery on a motherboard is used to maintain the date and time configuration when the computer is not connected to a power source. If the battery has discharged, the computer will not be able to maintain the proper time and an error message will appear during startup.
A system administrator has created a cloud configuration which automatically monitors utilization for usage-based billing. Which of the following describes this cloud computing characteristic?	Metered;File synchronization;Elasticity;Availability	1	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Metered Metering will measure transaction activity, CPU utilization, storage use, and other important metrics. These are often used for billing purposes, where the customer will pay for CPU or storage by the application instance. However, this metering does not automatically add or remove instances.
A group of wireless laptops in a conference room are reporting intermittent connectivity issues. The wired computers in the room are not experiencing any network problems. A check of the laptops shows the IP addresses and configurations appear to be correct. Which of the following would be the best next troubleshooting step?	Verify the wireless signal strength;Check the ARP table on the default gateway;Confirm the operation of the DHCP server;Perform a wire map on the network drops	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Verify the wireless signal strength Since the wired devices are working properly, the troubleshooting process should focus on the wireless network. The connectivity is also intermittent, which means that the network is operating normally during certain periods. This would move the focus from the network configuration to a connectivity or signal strength issue.
When pressing the power button on a desktop computer, the power indicator lights up but the computer does not display any message on the screen. The voltage at the wall outlet has been checked and it appears to be normal. The motherboard power connector voltage was checked, and the 12 volt pin was showing 6 volts. What is the most likely cause of this issue?	The components using 12 volt power are faulty;The power supply is faulty;The wall outlet voltage does not match the power supply;The motherboard is faulty	2	Hardware	The power supply is faulty If the 12 volt line from the power supply to the motherboard is showing 6 volts, it's likely a problem with the power supply itself. A power supply replacement should be the next troubleshooting step for this system.
A manager would like print jobs sent to a network laser printer to use paper from the third tray. However, no tray options are listed when submitting the print job. Which of the following would resolve this issue?	Restart the printer;Update the printer driver;Stop and restart the print server;Change the printer permissions	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Update the printer driver The printer driver contains information about the printer, available printing configurations, and a list of trays to use for the print job. The printer driver determines if these configurations will appear on a user's print options.
A remote user is visiting their corporate office. They have connected their laptop to the wireless network, but the corporate Internet access is performing much slower than their remote site network. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	The default gateway is incorrect;The laptop has been assigned an APIPA address;The user does not have permission to use the wireless network;There is interference with the wireless signal	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	There is interference with the wireless signal Poor performance can be caused by many different variables, but the only choice which would cause a performance problem is interference. A disruption to the wireless signal could potentially cause slowdowns and disconnections for anyone using the wireless network.
Which of the following would best describe the use of a port replicator?	Increase the number of available USB interfaces;Extend the length of an HDMI cable;Send a copy of network frames to a protocol analyzer;Maintain a redundant array of storage drives	1	Mobile Devices	Increase the number of available USB interfaces A port replicator is used to increase or duplicate interfaces on a device. Port replicators usually connect to a computer using USB and provide numerous USB, video, flash card, and other assorted interfaces.
A user is reporting a shared laser printer in the marketing department is not printing from one particular application. The front panel of the printer shows the printer is online and ready to receive print jobs. Other users in the department are able to successfully print to the printer. Which of the following would be the best next troubleshooting step?	Power cycle the printer;Restart the print spooler;Perform a test print from the printer console;Verify the network printer name in the application	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Verify the network printer name in the application We know that the printer is working normally because other people are able to print successfully. This also means that the spooling process is working and the print server is successfully queuing the print jobs. Given the other options, it's most likely that the user is directing the print job to a different printer.
A network administrator is connecting four company locations in different countries. Which of the following would best describe this configuration?	LAN;PAN;MAN;WAN	4	Networking	WAN A WAN (Wide Area Network) connects LANs across a long geographical distance. Once the link extends past the local city area, the connection would be considered a WAN link.
A system administrator has received a report of customers receiving email messages from the company, but upon further analysis the administrator finds the messages were not actually sent by the corporation. Which of the following should be implemented to prevent these spoofed email messages?	Add multi-factor authentication to all email logins;Change the passwords on all email accounts;Configure an SPF record in the DNS;Modify the firewall rules to prevent outgoing emails	3	Networking	Configure an SPF record in the DNS An SPF (Sender Policy Framework) record in the DNS (Domain Name System) server provides a list of all servers authorized to send emails for a domain. Any emails not originating from an authorized source can be dismissed as unauthorized or invalid.
A system administrator has configured a VM for dual processors, 16 GB of RAM, and 120 GB of disk space. Which of the following is required to start this VM?	Shared network address;Hypervisor;Virtual switch;Video display	2	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Hypervisor A hypervisor, or virtual machine manager, is the software that manages the virtual platform and guest operating systems.
A site manager has noticed her smartphone has a short battery life when used at work, and the battery life is normal when working from home. The work location has limited mobile service reception, but most office services are provided over the local 802.11 Wi-Fi network. The site manager does not enable Bluetooth on her smartphone. Which of the following would be the best way to extend the battery life of her mobile device?	Disable 802.11 Wi-Fi;Disable the cellular radio at work;Replace the battery;Enable Bluetooth on the mobile device	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Disable the cellular radio at work When a mobile provider's network isn't available, a phone will constantly try to find and reconnect to a cellular network. This reconnection process constantly uses the radio, and subsequently more of the battery is used in the process. To conserve battery life, it would be useful to disable the cellular network connection when outside of a coverage area.
What kind of device is commonly used to filter traffic based on a predefined set of rules?	PoE switch;ONT;DSL modem;Firewall	4	Networking	Firewall A firewall is designed to evaluate inbound traffic, compare that traffic to predefined security policies, and allow or block that traffic from passing through the firewall. Firewalls are common security appliances between an organization's internal network and the Internet.
Which of these connection types are commonly delivered using coax to provide Internet data, voice, and video over the same wire?	DSL;Cable broadband;ONT;PoE	2	Networking	Cable broadband Cable television brought video into everyone's home, and now voice and Internet services are included on the same coax cable.
A manager's smartphone will normally update applications automatically, but the update app doesn't show any new upgrades in over two weeks. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	The digitizer is damaged;The battery is swollen;Storage space is low;Bluetooth is disabled	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Storage space is low An operating system needs enough available storage space to download, uncompress, and install a new version of an app. If storage space is slow, the upgrade process cannot proceed due to this lack of space.
A company is deploying cloud-hosted virtual desktops for training room classes. The VMs have already been configured in the cloud. Which of the following is required to access these VMs using thin clients in the training room?	High-end video cards;Separate Internet connection;Mouse, keyboard, and monitor;Category 6A cabling	3	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Mouse, keyboard, and monitor Cloud-hosted virtual desktops are a type of VDI (Virtual Desktop Infrastructure). Access to the desktop is provided over a remote access- style client, and access can be provided from almost any operating system using a low-bandwidth network connection. The client device is usually a thin-client that has a minimum set of resources, a mouse, keyboard, and a monitor.
A technician has connected a laptop to an LCD. The LCD is displaying the correct information, but all of the content appears to be fuzzy and difficult to read. Which of the following is the most likely reason for this issue?	The LCD display is faulty;The laptop display adapter is incompatible with the LCD display;The laptop resolution is incorrect;The LCD display cable is faulty	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The laptop resolution is incorrect An LCD (Liquid Crystal Display) has a native resolution based on the physical dimensions of the display. If the resolution settings in the operating system don't match the native resolution of the physical display, the information on the screen may appear blurry or distorted. Matching the native resolution in the operating system will resolve this issue.
An engineering firm is upgrading their storage array to include additional drive space for documents and designs. The primary goal is to provide high performance and uptime, even if two drives were to fail. Which of the following would be the best choice for this firm?	RAID 1;RAID 5;RAID 0;RAID 10	4	Hardware	RAID 10 RAID (Redundant Array of Independent Disks) is a method of combining storage drives together to add speed and/or redundancy. A RAID 10 array is a nested RAID configuration that creates a mirrored set of RAID 0 drives. As long as only one drive fails in each RAID 0 mirror, the redundancy will remain valid and the user's data will continue to be available.
A company needs to purchase a new printer for an open work area. The primary requirement of this printer is to be as quiet as possible. Which of these printer types would be the best fit for this requirement?	Dot-matrix;Inkjet;Laser;Thermal	4	Hardware	Thermal Of the available options, thermal printers are the quietest. The only moving parts in a thermal printer are the motors that push the paper through the printer, and those motors are small and run almost silently.
A user in the marketing department would like to use a stylus to provide input through an external digitizer. Which of the following would be the best choice for this requirement?	LCD touchscreen;Port replicator;Wireless mouse;Drawing pad	4	Mobile Devices	Drawing pad A drawing pad connects to a desktop or laptop computer to provide very precise input using a digitizer and stylus.
A company has designed a platform to scale up when the application use increases during the day, and scale back down at night. Which of the following best describes this characteristic of cloud computing?	Resource pooling;Measured service;Hybrid;Elasticity	4	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Elasticity Scaling up and down as needed is a significant characteristic of cloud computing. This allows organizations to manage and pay for resources when busy, but save time and money when the resources are no longer needed.
A user’s tablet has stopped responding to any type of finger input on the screen. The clock and other tablet functions appear to be working. Which of the following would be the best way to correct this issue?	Replace the screen;Reset the wireless network;Connect to a power source;Restart the tablet	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Restart the tablet Before making any changes to hardware or software, it's useful to restart the tablet to see if a software glitch may have been the underlying issue.
A system administrator needs a secure method of storing encryption keys. Which of the following would be the best choice for this requirement?	BIOS;Secure Boot;NTFS;HSM	4	Hardware	HSM An HSM (Hardware Security Module) is commonly used as a secure method of key backup. The HSM can be deployed as a standalone server or in a lightweight form with Smart Cards or USB keys.
A server administrator is upgrading the memory in a web server from 16 GB of non-ECC RAM to 64 GB of ECC RAM. After starting the system with the new memory, the computer beeps and nothing is displayed on the screen. Changing the number and location of new RAM modules results in the same beeping sounds and blank screen. After replacing the original 16 GB modules, the system starts normally. Which of the following is the most likely reason for this issue?	The new memory is not compatible with the motherboard;The new memory is faulty;The BIOS needs to be updated;The system is overheating during the startup process	1	Hardware	The new memory is not compatible with the motherboard ECC (Error Correcting Code) memory is designed to detect errors and correct the errors on the fly. Not all systems use ECC memory, and it's important the memory match the motherboard requirements. If non- ECC RAM (Random Access Memory) is replaced with ECC RAM and the system fails to start, then the issue is most likely associated with the change from non-ECC to ECC RAM.
A workstation has been assigned an APIPA address. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this assignment?	The workstation is not connected to the wireless network;The DNS server is misconfigured;The network is using public Internet addresses;The DHCP server is down	4	Networking	The DHCP server is down APIPA (Automatic Private IP Addressing) is an IPv4 (Internet Protocol version 4) link-local addressing scheme. If a device does not have a static IP address and an address is not available from a DHCP server, the local device will assign itself an APIPA address and communication to other APIPA devices on the same subnet will be available.
Which of the following can be used to forward traffic based on a destination MAC address?	Unmanaged switch;PoE injector;Router;Firewall	1	Networking	Unmanaged switch Switches determine how traffic is forwarded based on the destination MAC (Media Access Control) address in the frame. The qualification of managed or unmanaged is not important in this case, since both types of switches make forwarding decisions the same way. The difference between a managed and unmanaged switch are based on features not associated with the forwarding process.
A system administrator made some BIOS changes to a desktop computer running Windows 11, and now this message appears when starting the computer: “This drive can only boot in UEFI mode.” Which of the following would be the BEST next troubleshooting step?	Modify the boot drive sequence;Enable Secure Boot;Remove the BIOS password;Boot the system with the Windows setup media	2	Hardware	Enable Secure Boot Secure Boot is part of the UEFI (Unified Extensible Firmware Interface) standard for a computer BIOS (Basic Input Output System). Secure Boot ensures that the underlying operating system has not been modified by malware or any other process.
A new employee has been provided a corporate smartphone. After the initial login, all of the corporate email server configurations have been automatically installed and updated in real-time. Which of the following is providing this functionality?	ACL;SSID;SPICE;MDM	4	Mobile Devices	MDM A corporate MDM (Mobile Device Manager) is used to manage and control all of the smartphones and tablets used by the organization. The manager of the MDM can also configure email server settings, security parameters, and almost any other aspect of the mobile device.
A technician is installing a DSL modem in a data center. Which of the following connectors would be used to connect the DSL modem to the Internet provider line?	DB-9;RJ11;BNC;F-connector	2	Hardware	RJ11 The RJ11 connector (Registered Jack 11) is the modular connector commonly associated with analog POTS (Plain Old Telephone System) lines. Since DSL (Digital Subscriber Line) uses the existing telephone lines, the DSL connection from an Internet Service Provider will also use those same lines with RJ11 connectors. These connectors will be the same for residential, large-scale commercial, and SOHO (Small Office / Home Office) use.
Which of the following would be the BEST choice for capturing an image from a printed page and saving it on a computer?	Print server;Optical drive;Flatbed scanner;Webcam	3	Hardware	Flatbed scanner A flatbed scanner is designed to capture images from paper and convert them into digital form.
