A server administrator has four identical drives to install into a database server. Which of these RAID types would provide both redundancy and the most available storage space?	RAID 5;RAID 10;RAID 0;RAID 1	1	Hardware	RAID 5 With RAID 5, three drives would contain user data and the fourth drive would store parity information. This efficient use of space and the included redundancy make RAID 5 the best option.
A user is attempting to charge their iPhone, but the charging icon does not appear when connecting the charging cable. A working cable from another iPhone exhibits the same symptoms. Which of the following is the most likely reason for this issue?	The screen is locked;An iOS update is pending;The iPhone has low signal;The charging port is damaged	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The charging port is damaged A damaged physical interface would prevent the phone from charging, even while attempting to charge with different cables.
A user in the marketing department needs an LCD with the best possible color representation. Which of the following would be the best choice for this requirement?	TN;CCFL;IPS;VA	3	Hardware	IPS An IPS (In Plane Switching) display provides excellent color representation and would be the best choice of the available options.
A company is receiving an increase in malware delivered to random employees through email attachments. Which of the following would be the best way to protect users against this malicious software?	Spam gateway;DHCP services;Syslog;VLANs	1	Networking	Spam gateway A spam gateway acts as a filter for unauthorized or unsolicited email messages. Most spam gateways can scan files for malicious software and filter those messages before delivery to the recipient.
A user has reported their tablet is not able to retrieve or send mail, browse the Internet, or connect to video conferences. Apps on the device which do not require connectivity are working as expected. Which of these would be the most likely cause of this issue?	Battery is very low;The Wi-Fi network is out of range;The touch screen needs calibration;The tablet is overheated	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The Wi-Fi network is out of range A Wi-Fi network has limited range, and poor connectivity would result in communications issues, application faults, and other networking issues.
A PC technician has been asked to replace the LCD on a touch-screen laptop computer. Which of the following would be the most important component to test after this replacement?	Digitizer;Keyboard;Audio controls;System memory	1	Hardware	Digitizer A digitizer is built into the LCD display, and it would be the most likely component to have a problem after the entire display has been replaced.
The computers in the shipping department are receiving the message “No connectivity” on their computers. The ipconfig output on one of the computers provides this information: IPv4 Address: 192.168.1.22 Subnet Mask: 255.255.255.0 Default Gateway: 192.168.1.1 From this device, a technician is able to successfully ping 127.0.0.1 and 192.168.1.22. The technician can also ping other devices in the shipping department, but cannot receive a ping response from servers in the data center or from the 192.168.1.1 address. Which of these would be the most likely cause of this issue?	The DHCP server is down;The wireless network is experiencing interference;The local router is down;The Internet provider is experiencing an outage	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The local router is down The default gateway is the local router for the IP subnet. If the default gateway address of 192.168.1.1 is not responding to a ping, then the router may not be operational.
Which of the following would be the best way to activate the screen of a smartphone without physically touching the display?	Trackpad;Port replicator;Smart card reader;Stylus	4	Mobile Devices	Stylus A stylus provides for interaction of a touch screen without physically pressing the display with a fingertip. A stylus is often referenced as a touchscreen pen, touch screen stylus, or capacitive stylus.
A graphics designer is working on a computer that powers itself off after about an hour of work. The computer tends to power down when working on complex designs that require extensive CPU utilization. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	The case fans are blocked;The hard drive is failing;The graphics software is corrupted;A device driver is outdated	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The case fans are blocked Most motherboards are designed to power off automatically if the temperatures become excessive. If the case fans are blocked, the inside of the computer will not be able to efficiently cool the system. Eventually, the heat from the heavily-worked CPU will cause the system to power down.
Which of these services would be associated with a Windows file transfer?	LDAP;SMB;IMAP;SSH	2	Networking	SMB SMB (Server Message Block) is the protocol used by Microsoft Windows for file sharing, printer sharing, and other Windows services. SMB commonly uses port 445 to provide direct SMB communication between Windows devices.
An administrator has installed a hypervisor on a server, but the administrator is not installing Windows or Linux. Which of the following would best describe this installation?	VDI;Containerization;Hybrid cloud;Type 1	4	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Type 1 Type 1 hypervisors are also called bare metal hypervisors because they are installed without any underlying Windows or Linux operating system. Type 2 hypervisors are installed on an existing operating system.
A company is using a cloud-based service that provides a hardware platform and no additional software. Which of these would best describe this purchase?	SaaS;Hybrid;Metered;IaaS	4	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	IaaS IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service) is a model that provides the computing platform, but no additional software. The user will usually configure the platform with the appropriate CPU, memory, and storage options, and the service provider is only responsible for the uptime and availability of the hardware platform. The user is generally responsible for all software administration.
While working at their desk, a laptop user would like to use a full-size keyboard and external mouse. They would also like to connect to a monitor and wired network without connecting and disconnecting cables each time they leave the desk. Which of these would be the best way to provide this functionality?	Use separate desktop and laptop computers;Install a docking station at the user’s desk;Use a wireless access point at the user’s desk;Install a USB hub for the laptop	2	Mobile Devices	Install a docking station at the user’s desk A docking station provides the laptop with a single connection to video, network, keyboard, mouse, and other peripheral connections on their desk.
A server administrator needs to store gigabytes of server performance statistics for future analysis. The data needs to be always be available, even if a storage drive fails. Which of the following would be the best choice for this data?	Optical drive;Flash drive;RAID;DDR	3	Hardware	RAID Most RAID (Redundant Array of Independent Disks) configurations support the use of multiple drives for redundancy, even if a single drive was to fail.
In which of the following would a cable with a DB-9 connector be used?	Attaching a mouse or keyboard to a desktop computer;Configuring a router;Connecting an external storage device;Attaching a video camera to a computer	2	Hardware	Configuring a router A DB-9 connector, or less commonly, DE-9 (D-subminiature size E, 9 pin) is a connector used to send serial signals to another device. A DB-9 connector on a computer is commonly used to connect to the management interface of a switch, router, firewall, or another infrastructure device.
A workstation administrator is configuring a new system for graphics designers, and the users have requested the fastest possible storage speed for reading and writing data. Which of the following would be the best choice for this requirement?	10 TB NAS;8 TB HDD;5 TB SAN;2 TB SSD	4	Hardware	2 TB SSD The most important requirement for this new system is the speed of reading and writing data. Of the available options, the fastest throughput is an SSD (Solid-State Drive). Although the storage space is the lowest of the available options, the users didn't specify any minimum storage size requirements.
A user has connected a new laptop to an LCD projector in a conference room. About thirty minutes into the presentation, the projector light turns off but the projector fans continue to run. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	Incorrect laptop cable;Poor projector airflow;Dead pixels;Incorrect resolution setting	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Poor projector airflow The lamp in an LCD projector can get very hot, and there are often many fans used to keep the lamp cool enough to work properly. If the fans are not working properly or the airflow is blocked, the projector will automatically shut down to prevent any heat damage.
A marketing manager is printing a document on the company letterhead stored in one of the printer trays. However, the output is instead printed from a tray containing plain paper. Which of the following would be the best way to resolve this issue?	Select the duplex print option;Enable collated output;Modify the output tray in the print dialog;Change the output orientation	3	Hardware	Modify the output tray in the print dialog The printer dialog shown during the print process should provide an option to choose the tray for the print job. If the tray selection is available, the option should be available in the print driver properties.
A security administrator would like to ensure that each login attempt from a smartphone is from someone physically located inside the corporate office. Which of the following would provide this functionality?	Serial interface;GPS;VPN;Hotspot	2	Mobile Devices	GPS GPS (Global Positioning System) devices are very useful for mapping travel routes and destinations, and the GPS locations can be used by an application to identify the location of the device.
A technician is connecting USB interfaces on a computer case to the motherboard. Which of the following would be commonly used for this connectivity?	PCIe;eSATA;TPM;Headers	4	Hardware	Headers A header, or pin header, is a group of pins on the motherboard. These pins provide connectivity to different motherboard features, such as power, lights, peripheral connections, and more.
A manufacturing company uses a specialized printer which connects to a Windows computer over a USB connection. Which of the following would be the best way to allow all Windows devices in the company to send print jobs to this printer?	Connect the printer to an Ethernet switch;Configure Windows Printer Sharing;Use Print to File and copy the file to the printer;Copy the print jobs to a USB drive	2	Hardware	Configure Windows Printer Sharing Windows Printer Sharing allows the Windows computer to act as a print server. All devices on the network can view the printer and send print jobs to the printer using the Printer Sharing feature.
Which of these would commonly be used to connect to an external storage device?	F-connector;ST;eSATA;Molex	3	Hardware	eSATA eSATA (External Serial ATA) is the external version of the SATA standard. The connectors for eSATA are slightly different than the internal SATA connectors.
A company has acquired computers that were previously part of a third- party lease. All of the computers prompt for a password when powering on the system before the operating system will load, but the password was not included with the computers. Which of the following would be the best way to resolve this issue?	Replace the primary storage drive;Boot from the Windows installation media;Reset the BIOS using jumpers on the motherboard;Disconnect the power cable for ten minutes	3	Hardware	Reset the BIOS using jumpers on the motherboard The BIOS (Basic Input Output System) of a computer can often be assigned configuration or management passwords to prevent any changes to the BIOS settings. The BIOS also supports a boot or user password, and the system will not boot until the correct password is entered. This password can often be reset by shorting a jumper on the motherboard and restarting.
A user has complained that a laptop will not charge the battery past 25% percent, and the laptop only operates for fifteen minutes when on battery power. The battery and the AC adapter have already been replaced. Which of the following components would be the most likely cause of this issue?	Motherboard;Backlight inverter;802.11 adapter;CPU	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Motherboard The motherboard on a laptop usually contains all of the major subsystems, including the CPU (Central Processing Unit), memory, video, and power. If the laptop will not charge a battery or power the system, then the entire motherboard will need to be replaced.
A field engineer is working at a remote site that is under construction, but the site does not have an Ethernet or Wi-Fi Internet connection. Which of the following would be the best way to get access to the Internet at this location?	Bluetooth;Hotspot;MAN;NFC	2	Mobile Devices	Hotspot Configuring a mobile phone as a hotspot allows one or more people to use the phone's Internet connection over Wi-Fi. If Internet isn't currently available from another 802.11 wireless network, then using the hotspot feature can provide an option for Internet access.
Which of the following would be the most likely reason the finishing function of a printer would punch two holes in a page instead of three?	The incorrect paper tray is selected;The print driver is not configured properly;The printer is low on toner;The connection between the computer and the printer is faulty	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The print driver is not configured properly Some large printers include finishing features for adding staples or holes to the final document. If the print driver is not set correctly, these options may be placed in the incorrect location or not used at all. The printer driver may need to be reconfigured or updated to support these finishing features.
A technician is upgrading the RAM on a laptop computer. Which of the following would best describe the memory required for this upgrade?	SSD;SO-DIMM;Memory card;ECC	2	Hardware	SO-DIMM The SO-DIMM (Small Outline Dual In-line Memory Module) form factor is about half the length of standard DIMMs. This smaller size makes it a common option for memory modules in laptop computers where size is limited.
A hospital would like to use a hands-free authentication system based on the user's proximity to the computer. Which of the following technologies would be the best choice for this system?	NFC;5G;MDM;SSD	1	Networking	NFC NFC (Near-Field Communication) is a short-distance networking technology which communicates over short distances of approximately 4 centimeters or less. An NFC-based authentication system would recognize when a user comes into close proximity of a device and provide the proper authentication.
An IT department is building out a new floor of office space for the company. Which of the following cables would be the best choice to install in the active airspace above the drop ceiling?	Plenum-rated;Shielded twisted-pair;Coaxial;PVC jacketed twisted-pair	1	Hardware	Plenum-rated The plenum space is the area above a drop ceiling used for building air circulation. In the case of a fire, this area should contain objects which have specific characteristics when heated. Network cables in this area are categorized as plenum-rated, and their construction will limit smoke and toxic fumes.
A developer is connecting a laptop to an LCD projector, but the projected image is flickering and occasionally part of the output will appear blocky and difficult to read. Which of the following should resolve this issue?	Replace the projector's video cable;Turn the projector off and back on again;Update the laptop's video driver;Connect the laptop to a power source	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Replace the projector's video cable The visual "glitches" displayed by the LCD projector are often associated with a failure of the digital signal. The only connection between the laptop and the projector is the cable, so most of these issues can be resolved by replacing the faulty cable.
A graphics designer needs to connect their macOS computer to a second monitor and an external storage drive. Which of the following interface types would provide this connectivity?	Lightning;DisplayPort;DVI-D;Thunderbolt	4	Hardware	Thunderbolt The Thunderbolt standard was created by Intel to connect external peripherals to a computer at high speeds. The Thunderbolt standard supports many different peripheral types, including displays, external storage, Ethernet network connections, and many others.
What cloud-based service provides hardware, but still requires the user to setup, configure, and manage the operating system and applications?	SaaS;PaaS;IaaS;DaaS	3	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	IaaS IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service) is an option that provides CPU, memory, network connections, and storage, and the customer installs and manages all of the software running on the infrastructure hardware.
Which of the following would be most associated with a SAN?	Bluetooth;RAID;APIPA;Cellular	2	Networking	RAID A SAN (Storage Area Network) provides access to a relatively large storage system over the network. RAID (Redundant Array of Independent Disks) is a common method of providing data redundancy for storage systems.
A network administrator is using a laptop computer to configure a switch over a direct cable connection. Which of the following would best describe this connectivity?	Bluetooth;Thunderbolt;Serial;Lightning	3	Hardware	Serial Most infrastructure devices provide a management or console interface over a serial link. These have traditionally used DB-9 (D-Subminiature size B - 9 pin) interfaces, but newer devices often use USB (Universal Serial Bus) connections.
A manager in the accounting department is complaining of slow performance on her computer. Initial troubleshooting shows low utilization of CPU and memory. A network speed test reports normal throughput to the local network devices. Which of the following would be the best next step for troubleshooting this issue?	Boot to Safe Mode;Upgrade the BIOS;Replace the memory modules;Perform a hard drive diagnostic	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Perform a hard drive diagnostic If a slowdown is not associated with CPU, memory, or the network, then the issue may be with some other type of hardware. A diagnostic of the hard drive would identify any issues that may be slowing down the computer.
A server administrator has moved a database server from a lab to a data center. After installing the server in a data center rack, the system does not power on. None of the system lights are on, and the power supply and cooling fans do not spin up. Which of the following should be the first troubleshooting step for this issue?	Replace the power supply;Reseat all of the internal components;Check the power cable;Replace the motherboard	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Check the power cable When troubleshooting, the easiest possible solution should usually be the first one to check. This particular system has already been in use, and the system administrator was the person who moved it from one location to another. Of the available options, checking the power cable should be the first thing to check when power issues arise.
A user is traveling and has enabled airplane mode on their laptop, but they would still like to use their wireless headset. Which of these settings should be enabled to allow this functionality?	Wi-Fi;USB;Bluetooth;Cellular	3	Mobile Devices	Bluetooth Bluetooth networks are PANs (Personal Area Networks) that provide a short-distance connection to local peripherals. For example, it's common to use a Bluetooth link to connect to headsets, wireless mice, keyboards, or speakers.
A user has submitted a job to a network printer, but the printer will not begin to print until the user has typed their PIN on the printer console. Which of the following would best describe this scenario?	Badging;Secured prints;Active Directory;ADF	2	Hardware	Secured prints With secured prints, the user can define a PIN (Personal Identification Number) on their computer, and this PIN must be used on the printer to start the printing process. This process ensures the output is not sitting unattended on the printer.
An error message has appeared when starting up a laptop computer with the message "SMART Failure Predicted." Which of the following would be most related to this notification message?	Storage drive is failing;RAM failed a memory diagnostic;Battery life is below 20%;Network connectivity is intermittent	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Storage drive is failing SMART ( Self-Monitoring, Analysis, and Reporting Technology), or S.M.A.R.T., refers to a storage drive monitoring feature integrated with most modern hard drives and solid state drives. A message indicating a SMART error is specific to the storage subsystem of the device.
A system administrator needs to install an access point using PoE. However, the installed Ethernet switch does not support any PoE interfaces. Which of the following would be the best way to provide PoE functionality?	Use a different access point;Replace the switch with a router;Upgrade the switch's power supply;Add an injector	4	Networking	Add an injector An injector sits inline with an existing wired Ethernet connection to add PoE (Power over Ethernet) voltage to the existing Ethernet cable.
A network administrator is capturing all network traffic from a specific NIC. Which of the following would best describe the unique network identifier associated with this NIC?	MAC address;APIPA;Serial number;Subnet mask	1	Networking	MAC address The MAC (Media Access Control) address is a unique identifier burned- in to the NIC (Network Interface Card) hardware. All traffic sent over the network from this device contains the MAC address of this NIC.
An organization has implemented a cloud solution using a third-party data center. Access to the cloud service is available to anyone on the Internet. Which of the following describes this deployment model?	Hybrid;Public;Community;Private	2	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	Public Public cloud deployments are for organizations that would like to provide services to anyone on the Internet. Google Mail is an example of a public cloud service.
What voltages would be commonly found on a motherboard's power supply connector?	120 V AC;12 V AC, 5 V AC, 3.3 V AC;12 V DC, 5 V DC, 3.3 V DC;120 V DC	3	Hardware	12 V DC, 5 V DC, 3.3 V DC A computer's power supply provides direct current (DC) at twelve volts, five volts, and 3.3 volts.
What kind of device is installed into a computer and directly connects the computer to an Ethernet network?	NIC;Switch;Repeater;Bridge	1	Networking	NIC A NIC (Network Interface Card) is the hardware used to connect a device to a network. Some NICs are integrated into computer motherboards, and other NICs are separate interface cards.
A network administrator is planning to connect the network of two buildings together with a Category 6A cable. Ten Ethernet cables have been run from a wiring closet, through a conduit, and into a wiring closet on the other side. The network administrator needs to identify the ends of the cables so they can be properly terminated on each side. Which of the following should be used to complete this task?	Cable stripper;Loopback plug;Tone generator;Crimper	3	Networking	Tone generator A tone generator places an analog audio tone onto the wires of a cable, and an inductive probe is used on the other end to precisely identify the cable with the tone. By moving the tone generator to each of the ten cables, the other end of the cable can be easily identified and labeled.
A company is installing a new communications link using SC interfaces. Which of the following would best describe this connection?	Fiber optic;USB-C;10GBASE-T;M.2	1	Hardware	Fiber optic An SC (Subscriber Connector) interface is a common fiber optic connection type. Some network administrators refer to this connection as the "square connector" due to the unique shape of the interface.
A technician believes the photosensitive drum on a networked laser printer is scratched. Which of the following helped the technician identify this issue?	Garbled text;Toner not sticking to the paper;Grinding noises;Solid line down the printed page	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Solid line down the printed page A scratched photosensitive drum in a laser printer will cause toner to attach itself to that scratch. This additional toner appears as a single line running down the length of the laser printer output.
An application developer is designing an app which uses three servers running simultaneously as VMs on her desktop. An upgrade to the application will add three additional servers to the list of running VMs. Which of these hardware resources will be the most important for this upgrade?	Video adapter;Network connection;RAM;CPU	3	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	RAM Without any additional information about the applications, the most critical resource for these new servers will be the amount of RAM required to keep all of the operating systems running simultaneously.
A network engineer is troubleshooting an issue communicating to the Internet over a newly installed DSL connection. A laptop is connected to a DSL router over twisted pair copper. The IP configuration of the laptop is: IP address: 169.254.228.109 Subnet mask: 255.255.0.0 DNS: 9.9.9.9 Which of the following should be the next troubleshooting step?	Reset the DSL modem;Modify the subnet mask;Change the DNS server address;Check the status of the DHCP server	4	Networking	Check the status of the DHCP server A DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) server automatically distributes IP addresses to new devices connecting to a network. If the DHCP server isn't available, a device will commonly auto-configure itself with an APIPA (Automatic Private IP Addressing) address. Addresses between the range of 169.254.1.0 through 169.254.254.255 are assigned to devices using APIPA.
A user in the accounting department has configured their mobile phone as a hotspot. Which of these would best describe this configuration?	Use the phone as a method of payment;Fast-charge the phone;Access the Internet through the phone;Connect to external speakers	3	Mobile Devices	Access the Internet through the phone Many smartphones include a hotspot feature, allowing a user to turn their phone into an Internet router. The phone provides access to the Internet over the cellular network, and other devices can use this Internet link by connecting to the smartphone over 802.11 wireless.
A user has logged into their laptop using a fingerprint reader on the laptop's keyboard tray. Which of the following would best describe this technology?	NFC;GPS;Screen digitizer;Biometrics	4	Mobile Devices	Biometrics Biometrics provide a way to authenticate using something physical about a person. Some common biometric systems will evaluate a fingerprint, face recognition, or other physical trait to complete the authentication process.
An organization has recently implemented a browser-based email system that requires no additional software on the user devices. Which of the following would describe this type of application?	SaaS;IaaS;HaaS;PaaS	1	Virtualization & Cloud Computing	SaaS SaaS (Software as a Service) is on-demand software. The client does not maintain a local software installation, and the application support is managed by the service provider. Google Mail is an example of SaaS.
What type of power supply can operate across countries using different voltages?	High-voltage;Primary;Modular;Voltage switching	4	Hardware	Voltage switching An auto voltage switching power supply can automatically detect and use different input voltages without the need to manually select an input voltage. This is especially useful when moving equipment in countries with 120 volts of AC (alternating current) to a country using 240 volts of AC.
A user is reporting after starting their desktop, they receive the message “Windows has detected an IP address conflict.” Which of the following would be the BEST way to resolve this issue?	Replace the Ethernet patch cable;Enable DHCP on the workstation;Bounce the switch port;Reboot the default gateway	2	Networking	Enable DHCP on the workstation One of the more useful features of a DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) server is the controlled assignment of IP (Internet Protocol) addresses. If the DHCP server is assigning all IP addresses, then a duplicate is unlikely. If a device is configured for manual addressing, then configuring the device to receive IP addresses via DHCP can avoid possible address duplication.
Each time a user logs in, they must insert their company ID card to a USB card reader to complete the authentication. Which of the following would best describe the technology used for this authentication?	802.11;Bluetooth;SMB;RFID	4	Networking	RFID RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) uses a small electronic tag to provide an identification number to an RFID reader. Many company ID cards include an RFID chip inside of the card itself.
Which of the following connectors would be used to terminate a copper Ethernet patch cable?	BNC;Lightning;RJ45;DB-9	3	Hardware	RJ45 Copper Ethernet cables are commonly terminated with an 8P8C (Eight Position / Eight Conductor) RJ45 (Registered Jack 45) standard connector.
A user has started their laptop, but the screen is completely covered with colored lines and flashing colors. Which of the following would best resolve this issue?	Replace the laptop screen;Enable the display's scaling option;Change the output resolution;Disable the dynamic color temperature option	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Replace the laptop screen A damaged LCD display will often show colored lines, flashing colors, or have visible cracks on the screen. Unfortunately, the only way to resolve this type of issue is to completely replace the LCD screen.
A system administrator has just received a laptop previously sent out for repair. However, after powering on the computer, the laptop no longer responds to the stylus. Which of the following is the most likely reason for this issue?	The GPU requires an updated device driver;The display needs a new inverter;The display needs to be paired to the laptop motherboard;The digitizer is faulty	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	The digitizer is faulty The digitizer converts the touch of a finger or a stylus to digital signals used by the computer. If the digitizer is not operational, then the screen will not be able to interpret the input from a stylus.
A graphics designer has noticed that small dots on their screen remain a solid black color, even when the image should display a different color. Which of the following would describe this issue?	Burn-in;Non-native resolution;Incorrect data source;Dead pixel	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Dead pixel A dead pixel is a single dot (pixel) on the screen that always remains black and does not change with the image.
A gaming enthusiast has upgraded his home computer from integrated graphics to a separate video adapter card. The computer operates as expected for web browsing and word processing applications. However, playing a game results in the system shutting down after a few minutes of operation. Which of the following would be the most likely component causing this issue?	CPU;Power supply;RAM;SSD	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Power supply Adding additional components to a computer can often increase the power usage, and video adapter cards are one of the most power-hungry devices you can add to a computer. If a system is displaying errors or shutting down during periods of heavy use, then the issue is commonly related to heat or power.
A network administrator has just installed a new access point in a downtown office building, but now users are reporting intermittent connectivity to the Internet. Which of the following would be the first thing to check?	SSID broadcast option;Firmware version;MAC filter;Channel interference levels	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Channel interference levels In areas with many different organizations located near each other, it's possible that the frequencies used on different wireless access points could conflict with each other and cause interference with wireless communication. In busy areas, it's recommended to perform an analysis of the frequencies in use before installing a new access point.
A company would like to advertise a list of email servers authorized to send messages on their behalf. Which of the following would be the best way to provide this information?	APIPA;Proxy server;UTM;SPF record	4	Networking	SPF record An SPF (Sender Policy Framework) record is part of a DNS (Domain Name System) server configuration, and it lists all servers authorized to send emails for a particular domain.
A company assigns IP addresses automatically to each device, and those addresses will remain on the device for a minimum of 8 hours. Which of the following best describes this configuration?	Subnet mask;Lease;SDN;Reservation	2	Networking	Lease A lease is used in DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) to automatically associate an IP address configuration with a specific device for a certain amount of time. The device usually has the option to renew the lease to extended the configuration settings for another interval.
Users in the marketing department are reporting that one network printer is not working. There are many print jobs in the queue, but none of the jobs are printing. A test print from the printer's front panel does not print any pages. What is the most likely reason for this printing issue?	Printer drivers need to be updated;Network is disconnected;Printer hardware has failed;Print spooler needs to be restarted	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Printer hardware has failed If the printer was operational, then a printer test from the front panel should provide some output. The test print bypasses the network and print spooler and provides a check for print quality. If the local test print isn't working, then the printer itself has some type of hardware failure.
A member of the accounting department would like to work remotely while attending a conference in another city. Which of these technologies would best provide this functionality?	VLAN;802.11;VPN;PAN	3	Networking	VPN A VPN (Virtual Private Network) would allow a remote user to connect to the corporate office over a secure encrypted tunnel.
In which of the following situations would you be most likely to use a network tap?	Attach an RJ45 connector to the end of an Ethernet cable;Capture packets from a network link;Test packet loss on a router interface;Locate a specific workstation connection on a punch-down block	2	Networking	Capture packets from a network link A network tap provides a physical connection for intercepting network traffic. The tap can send a copy of the intercepted traffic to a packet capture device or security tool.
A digital graphics department has been using a SAN to store their image files. The team now reports that all of the files on the SAN are no longer accessible. Which of the following should be the first thing to check on the SAN?	RAID array status;CPU utilization;Input voltage;Cache hits	1	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	RAID array status A SAN (Storage Area Network) is a network-connected storage array. If the SAN is unavailable, then it's possible that the drive array is having a technical issue. The first thing to check on the SAN is the RAID array health and network connectivity. Once those are verified to be working, the troubleshooting can continue.
A network administrator is installing a new access point between buildings. Which of the following would determine the usable frequencies and maximum signal strength for this connection?	End User License Agreement;Type of data transferred;Acceptable Use Policy;Government regulations	4	Networking	Government regulations Most governments will regulate the usable frequencies and maximum power for the wireless spectrum. These regulations can vary depending on location, frequencies, or type of network.
A network administrator is pinging a site on the Internet and receives these results: C:\Users\professor>ping 9.9.9.9 Pinging 9.9.9.9 with 32 bytes of data: Reply from 9.9.9.9: bytes=32 time=618ms TTL=128 Reply from 9.9.9.9: bytes=32 time=816ms TTL=128 Reply from 9.9.9.9: bytes=32 time=627ms TTL=128 Reply from 9.9.9.9: bytes=32 time=727ms TTL=128 Ping statistics for 9.9.9.9: Packets: Sent = 4, Received = 4, Lost = 0 (0% loss), Approximate round trip times in milli-seconds: Minimum = 618ms, Maximum = 816ms, Average = 697ms Which of the following would best describe these state of this network connection?	Dropped packets;Excessive latency;Port flapping;Network loop	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Excessive latency An average response time of 697 milliseconds is relatively long, especially considering that most local devices will respond in 1 or 2 milliseconds. This large response time indicates significant latency between the local device and the remote site.
A system administrator needs to upgrade the hard drives in a RAID array. Which of the following would be the best measurement of read and write times on the new hard drives?	S. M. A. R. T.;Jitter;IOPS;RPM	3	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	IOPS IOPS (Input/Output Operations Per Second) is a measure of read and write performance, and it provides a good comparison of performance between different storage devices.
A user normally stores files in their H: drive, but the drive letter is not appearing in File Explorer. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	Local drive performance is slow;Login script did not run;A drive in a RAID 1 array has failed;The share is already in use	2	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Login script did not run The login script is often used to configure a user's work environment, including the mapping of network shares to a drive letter.
A user’s desktop computer does not start in the morning when the power button is pressed. A technician notices that the screen remains dark, but fans are spinning inside of the computer case. No messages are displayed and no beeps are heard. Which of the following would be the most likely reason for this issue?	Faulty RAM;No boot drive found;The CPU is overheating;Bad power supply	4	Hardware & Network Troubleshooting	Bad power supply A bad power supply can sometimes provide power for some voltages but not others. If the fans are running but no other devices are working, then a bad power supply should be a consideration.
A user in the shipping department needs a charging cable for their Android phone. Which of the following connectors would be the most likely to work on this phone?	USB-C;Lightning;RJ45;Thunderbolt	1	Mobile Devices	USB-C Android devices commonly used the USB standard for connectivity, and USB-C is a common connector for many mobile devices.
A workstation administrator has been asked to troubleshoot an issue with Internet connectivity on a laptop computer. The network status in the taskbar shows a yellow exclamation mark with the message “No Internet access.” When examining the Ethernet connection on the laptop, the cable sheath is an inch short and individual copper wires are visibly disconnected from the RJ45 connector. Which of the following should be used to correct this issue?	Crimper;Punch-down tool;Loopback plug;Cable tester	1	Networking	Crimper A crimper is used to attach modular connectors to the end of cables. In this example, the cable would be cut back past the missing cable sheath and the wires would be attached to a new connector using an RJ45 crimper.
A network administrator needs to connect two sites located on opposite sides of the city. Which of these network connections would be the most appropriate?	MAN;PAN;LAN;WAN	1	Networking	MAN A MAN (Metropolitan Area Network) connects locations in the same city or metropolitan area. Once the distance is outside the scope of the immediate metro area, the connection is categorized as a WAN (Wide Area Network).
Which of the following would be the best way to remove toner and paper dust from the inside of a laser printer?	Use a chemical cleaner that removes toner particles;Run a cleaning page through the printer;Wipe the inside with a damp cloth;Use compressed air to blow out the particles	3	Hardware	Wipe the inside with a damp cloth There can be a significant amount of dust and toner particles inside of a laser printer, and using a normal vacuum cleaner or compressed air would release the particles into the air. Instead, a damp cloth will capture the toner and dust without causing issues with airborne particles in the immediate area.
A system administrator is connecting a remote site to the Internet over a single pair of copper wires. Which of the following is the administrator using for this installation?	PoE switch;Tap;DSL modem;ONT	3	Networking	DSL modem DSL (Digital Subscriber Line) Internet connections use the same single copper pair of wires that are traditionally used by POTS (Plain Old Telephone Service) lines. DSL modems connect to this pair of wires and convert the signal to an Ethernet connection for other devices.
Which of the following would most commonly be associated with a thermal pad?	Connect a heat sink to a processor;Install a fan in a desktop computer case;Mount a radiator for liquid cooling;Manage CPU speed based on the current temperature	1	Hardware	Connect a heat sink to a processor A thermal pad can be used to improve thermal conductivity between a hot component and a heat sink. Thermal pads are somewhat easier to install than traditional thermal paste.
